#summary Enrolling for an Apple Developer Account (**MOVED TO PassKit.com**)

= <font color="#ff0000">Note: This project has moved to [https://passkit.com/documentation/ PassKit.com].</font> =

=Enrolling for an Apple Developer Account=

All passes need to be signed with an Apple-issued certificate to be recognized by Passbook. Passes should only be signed by the entity that will be distributing the pass under its own name, trademark, or brand, and that entity’s information should match the information on the back of the pass.

It should be obvious to users who the originator of the pass is based on the branding on the front of the pass, and that branding should be consistent with the Pass 'signature'.

PassKit's Pass Designer and API takes care of all the heavy lifting for you - i.e. we securely store your private certificate and sign each Pass correctly at the time of issue. But before we can do this you need to get a Pass Certificate from Apple.  Currently, the only way Apple allow you to acquire this certificate is by enrolling on the Apple Developer Program. You may not be a developer - but don't worry - just follow the video below to open an Apple Developer Account. You can then easily [UploadingCertificates create and upload Pass certificates] to your PassKit account.

==Video Tutorial==

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Er1y6vp9VfM&hd=1" width="853" height="480"/>

==Getting your D-U-N-S number==

If you are applying for an Apple Developer Account as a business you will need your D-U-N-S number.  If you don't already know your D-U-N-S number then fortunately Apple Inc. have recently streamlined the process of getting one - making it much smoother.

You can check with the [https://developer.apple.com/support/ios/D-U-N-S.html FAQ page of D-U-N-S ® Numbers - iOS Developer Program - Support - Apple Developer] and find the information there. 

In summary you can use the [https://developer.apple.com/ios/enroll/dunsLookupForm.action D‑U‑N ‑S Number look up tool] and check to see if you have an existing DUNS number. If not then following the instruction to apply for a new DUNS number. The D&B local office will contact you to follow up. This is the negotiated process between Apple and D&B to facilitate this free service in an efficient way. 

----

<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td width="361"><g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone></td>
    <td width="353">[http://PassKit.com/ PassKit Home Page]</td>
    <td width="128">[https://create.passkit.com Register with PassKit]</td>
  </tr>
</table>
