#summary PassKit Documentation

=PassKit Documentation and Wiki =

This wiki covers the key concepts, tool and methods of PassK.it.  We want to provide everything you need to be able to quickly and easily get up and running; integrate PassKit into your processes and systems, and start issuing Passbook Passes to your customers.

We know that there may be situations (processes or systems) that we haven't accounted for, and while we have attempted to make this wiki exhaustive, please email us at anytime if you get stuck. 

Equally, we are committed to excellence and will constantly update and refine our tools, methods and supporting processes. We always appreciate your input and collaboration to continually improve so everyone may benefit.  Thanks for your comments or additional useful content in this wiki.

We have tried to design the documentation so you can dive into the section that is most relevant for your needs.  However, if you are not familiar with Passbook or your first time we suggest making your way through the documentation in order. 

And lastly, if you simply don't have the time to read the documentation, or have a 'written word' phobia just check out the [PassLifecycle The lifecycle of a Pass diagram] and quickly watch the [PassDesignerVideo Pass Designer intro video].

==Table of Contents==

  * [PassKit What is PassKit?]
  * [Passbook What is Passbook?]
    * [PassPackage How is a Pass generated?]
  * [PassLifecycle The lifecycle of a Pass]
  * [PassDesign Designing a Passbook Pass]
    * [PassType Selecting a Pass Type]
      * [PassLayoutTransport Transport Pass]
      * [PassLayoutCoupon Coupon Pass]
      * [PassLayoutStoreCard Store Card]
      * [PassLayoutMembership Membership]
      * [PassLayoutEvent Event Pass]
    * [PassConstraints Pass Constraints]
    * [PassFields Pass Fields]
    * [FormattingFields Field Formatting]
    * [PassBack Back of the Pass]
    * [PassBarcodes Barcodes]
    * [PassColors Customizing Pass Colors]
    * [PassImages Uploading Images]
    * [LockScreenMessages Lock Screen Messages]
    * [PassLocales Localising a Pass]
  * [DistributingPassbookPasses Distributing Passbook Passes]
  * [AddtoPassbook Adding a Pass to the Device]
  * [PassCertificates Pass ID and Certificates]
    * [AppleDeveloperVideo Opening an Apple Developer Account]
    * [UploadingCertificates Uploading Certificates]
      * [GeneratePassCertificateVideo Uploading Certificates Video Tutorial]
  * [API PassKit API]
      * [API API Keys]
      * [Authentication Authentication and Access]
      * [Methods]
            * [Templates Template Methods]
               * [GetTemplateDetails Get Template Field Names]
            * [Images Image Methods]
               * [UploadImage Upload Image]
               * [GetImageData Get Image Data]
            * [Passes Pass Methods]
               * [IssuePass Issue Pass]
               * [BatchIssuePass Batch Issue Pass]
               * [UpdatePass Update Pass]
               * [InvalidatePass Invalidate Pass]
            * [Admin Admin Methods]

----

<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td width="361"><g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone></td>
    <td width="353">[http://PassKit.com/ PassKit Home Page]</td>
    <td width="128">[https://create.passkit.com Register with PassKit]</td>
  </tr>
</table>