#summary Designing your Pass for different languages (**MOVED TO PassKit.com**)

= <font color="#ff0000">Note: This project has moved to [https://passkit.com/documentation/ PassKit.com].</font> =

=Designing your Pass so it is appropriate for other languages=

[https://create.passkit.com The Pass Designer] allows you to specify how the Pass should look in someone's device if they have a different language specified.  e.g. If the base locale is English but you have also specified a French locale, if someone has their language preference on their device set to French they will see the French version of the Pass.  Assuming in this example, that French is the only enabled then everyone else would see the base, English, version.

Before you include localisation in a Pass, think through whether you need it. If you are generating passes for your customers you will know whether they are likely to use their phone in a language different to the base language of the Pass.  You could create different Pass for different customer segments.

==Local Images==

In the [https://create.passkit.com Pass Designer] you can provide the appropriate translation for any of the text, as well as provide images that may be more appropriate for a locale . A good example of this is HSBC that has HSBC in it's logo for Western markets and yet uses Chinese Characters for Chinese markets.

You can simply enter locale text and no locale images. In this case the 'normal' images will be used.

----

<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td width="361"><g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone></td>
    <td width="353">[http://PassKit.com/ PassKit Home Page]</td>
    <td width="128">[https://create.passkit.com Register with PassKit]</td>
  </tr>
</table>
