#summary Choosing Pass Type (**MOVED TO GITHUB**)

= <font color="#ff0000">Note: This project has moved to [https://github.com/PassKit/PassKitSDK PassKit/PassKitSDK on GitHub].</font> =

= Pass Type =

The first thing you need to do is choose what Pass Type you want to issue.

The Pass Type determines the visual appearance and the base template that is use for placement of information and images on the pass. This is predetermined by Apple and they have laid out the template in which each pass type would appear.  This can include the pass border design, location of images, text, and barcodes, as well as color schemes.

It's important to choose the right Pass Type as this will determine what you can put on the Pass and where it will appear in the Passbook app.  We strongly encourage you not to use a Membership Card for a Travel Ticket for example, as not only will it make the design process a little tricky for you it will also confuse your customer.

Fortunately the [https://create.passkit.com Pass Designer] makes it very easy to change from one Pass Type to another, if you've got half way and you suddenly think it should be a different Pass Type.  Simply visit 'Pass Settings' Tab in the Pass Designer and change to 

Click on any of the Pass Type Heading to learn more about each one; including example case studies, Pass Design and any constraints.  For a summary of constraints please [PassConstraints click here].

== [PassLayoutTransport Transport] ==

Transport Passes is appropriate for passes used with transit systems such as train tickets, airlines boarding passes, ferry tickets, and other types of transit. Typically each Pass corresponds to a single trip with a specific starting and ending point.

== [PassLayoutCoupon Coupons] ==

This pass style is appropriate for coupons, vouchers, special offers and other discounts. 

== [PassLayoutStoreCard Store Card] ==

Store Card Passes are appropriate to for loyalty cards, discount cards, points cards and gift cards.  A Store Card Pass can be used to identify an account that the customer has with your company; and how that account can be used to make payments or receive discounts.  When there is a balance, this should appear on the Pass.

== [PassLayoutMembership Membership Cards] ==

Typically you use Membership Card Passes for Passes that are giving you access to somewhere.  That could be access to a Gym, and replacing your plastic gym membership cards, or subway passes, that store value, or even used for bag check claim tickets.

== [PassLayoutEvent Event Ticket] ==

This Pass Type is appropriate for Passes used to gain entry to an event like a movie, a concert, the theatre or a sporting event. You could use a single Event Ticket Pass for several events, like a Season Ticket; although typically Event Ticket Passes are one-off Passes and correspond to a specific event.

----

<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td width="361"><g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone></td>
    <td width="353">[http://PassKit.com/ PassKit Home Page]</td>
    <td width="128">[https://create.passkit.com Register with PassKit]</td>
  </tr>
</table>
